README.md, before:

# Seti Astro Suite Pro (SASpro)
**Author:** Franklin Marek  
**Website:** [www.setiastro.com](http://www.setiastro.com)  
---
## 📖 About

Seti Astro Suite Pro (SASpro) is an advanced astrophotography toolkit designed to streamline image processing, stacking, star analysis, and deep-sky imaging workflows.

SASpro is distributed as **donationware**. This means the software is free to use by anyone, but if you find it valuable, please consider a suggested donation of **$20** to support continued development.

👉 Donate here: [https://www.setiastro.com/checkout/donate?donatePageId=65ae7e7bac20370d8c04c1ab]( https://www.setiastro.com/checkout/donate?donatePageId=65ae7e7bac20370d8c04c1ab) 

---

## 💡 License & Terms

- SASpro is licensed under the **GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3)**.  
- This means you are free to run, study, share, and modify the software.  
- **Source Code:** The complete source code is available at:  
  [https://github.com/setiastro/setiastrosuitepro]( https://github.com/setiastro/setiastrosuitepro) 
- Redistribution of the **compiled binaries** is allowed under GPLv3 terms. However, to support ongoing development, please encourage others to download SASpro directly from the official website.

⚠️ **Disclaimer:** SASpro is provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind. Use at your own risk.

---

## 📦 Third-Party Libraries

SASpro is built on the shoulders of many excellent open-source projects, including but not limited to:
- PyQt6 (GPLv3)  
- NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, Pandas, scikit-image (BSD)  
- Astropy, Astroquery, Photutils, SEP (BSD)  
- OpenCV (Apache 2.0)  
- Pillow (PIL), tifffile, rawpy, ExifRead (various permissive licenses)  
- Plotly, pyqtgraph (MIT)  
- And more listed in `LICENSES.txt`
Copies of their license texts are included in the `LICENSES.txt` file bundled with this software.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments
Special thanks to the open-source community and to all who support SASpro development through donations. Your contributions keep this project alive and evolving.

---

## 📬 Contact
For feedback, bug reports, or feature requests, please visit:  
[www.setiastro.com](http://www.setiastro.com)

Commit message:

README.md: add section on running SASPro from source directory
  * suggests virtualenv; other ways possible

README.md, after:

# Seti Astro Suite Pro (SASpro)
**Author:** Franklin Marek
**Website:** [www.setiastro.com](http://www.setiastro.com)
---
## 📖 About

Seti Astro Suite Pro (SASpro) is an advanced astrophotography toolkit designed to streamline image processing, stacking, star analysis, and deep-sky imaging workflows.

SASpro is distributed as **donationware**. This means the software is free to use by anyone, but if you find it valuable, please consider a suggested donation of **$20** to support continued development.

👉 Donate here: [https://www.setiastro.com/checkout/donate?donatePageId=65ae7e7bac20370d8c04c1ab]( https://www.setiastro.com/checkout/donate?donatePageId=65ae7e7bac20370d8c04c1ab)

---

## 💡 License & Terms

- SASpro is licensed under the **GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3)**.
- This means you are free to run, study, share, and modify the software.
- **Source Code:** The complete source code is available at:
  [https://github.com/setiastro/setiastrosuitepro]( https://github.com/setiastro/setiastrosuitepro)
- Redistribution of the **compiled binaries** is allowed under GPLv3 terms. However, to support ongoing development, please encourage others to download SASpro directly from the official website.

⚠️ **Disclaimer:** SASpro is provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind. Use at your own risk.

---

## Running from Source

SASPro can be run either by executing the prebuilt distribution binaries, or directly from the source tree as follows:

```
bash$ git clone https://github.com/setiastro/setiastrosuitepro.git
bash$ virtualenv setiastrosuitepro
bash$ cd setiastrosuitepro
bash$ . ./bin/activate
bash$ pip install -r requirements.txt
bash$ ./setiastrosuitepro.py
```

---

## 📦 Third-Party Libraries

SASpro is built on the shoulders of many excellent open-source projects, including but not limited to:
- PyQt6 (GPLv3)
- NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, Pandas, scikit-image (BSD)
- Astropy, Astroquery, Photutils, SEP (BSD)
- OpenCV (Apache 2.0)
- Pillow (PIL), tifffile, rawpy, ExifRead (various permissive licenses)
- Plotly, pyqtgraph (MIT)
- And more listed in `LICENSES.txt`
Copies of their license texts are included in the `LICENSES.txt` file bundled with this software.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments
Special thanks to the open-source community and to all who support SASpro development through donations. Your contributions keep this project alive and evolving.

---

## 📬 Contact
For feedback, bug reports, or feature requests, please visit:
[www.setiastro.com](http://www.setiastro.com)
